well well well those Apple technicians
have been very busy this month first it
was the iPad next it was the revealing
of iphone four point oh software and now
today Apple has upgraded their macbook
pros and they added the Intel Core i5
and i7 chips to their 15 inch and
17-inch as well as adding a 2.66 core 2
duo processor to the 13-inch macbook pro
now along with these very fast processor
updates apple also added brand new
nvidia graphics cards to the notebooks
as well they added a nvidia GT 330m to
the 15 inch and the 17-inch as well as a
nvidia 322 the 13-inch so with these two
major upgrades these computers are
probably so fast it's unbelievable i
mean i have the macbook pro that came
out last summer and it's blazing fast
already a 13 i of the 13-inch 2.53 it's
pretty fast plays games well as you've
probably seen in my other videos so i
can just imagine how much better these
new macbook pros are in addition to
upgrading the processors in the graphics
cards they also added bigger hard drives
to both to actually all three they added
a 320 gigabyte hard drive to the 13 inch
and up to 500 gigabytes in the 15 inch
and 17 inch and apple also sort of
mainly focused on the 15 inch here I
think because if you look at the store
they have like three base versions of
the 15-inch you can choose between two
versions of the 13-inch one version of
the 17th so I think they're really
targeting people to go for that 15 inch
version if they can but again I have a
13-inch I think it works just fine and
again if you get that 2.66 it's probably
going to be very good now in addition to
the hardware upgrades with the hard
drive the process of the graphics card
apple also extended the battery life of
all the macbooks as well which is pretty
amazing considerably
considering that it was already pretty
long between seven hours i believe it
was before now they're saying you can
get up to 10 hours on one charge of the
13-inch macbook pro and between eight
and nine hours off of one charged with
the 15 inch or 17 inch so all these
upgrades are just making their computers
better than they already were like I
said I have last summer's version and it
runs great but if you've been waiting
for the upgrade of the macbook pros it's
finally here so you don't have to wait
any longer or think what they're going
to do to them because they're here so
you can go out and get your macbook
you've been waiting for well this has
been castle 22 here you can check out my
channel costs Cass Tech where I got lots
of other tech videos on there but that's
all for now and I'm